[FIX] Clarify that EDF/BDF files MUST have lower case extensions in BIDS (#927)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/03-electroencephalography.md

| [European data format](https://www.edfplus.info/)                                            | `.edf`                   | Each recording consists of a single file. [`edf+`](https://www.edfplus.info/specs/edfplus.html) files are permitted. The capital .EDF extension MUST NOT be used.                                  |
| [BrainVision Core Data Format](https://www.brainproducts.com/productdetails.php?id=21&tab=5) | `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` | Each recording consisting of a  `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` file triplet.                                                                                                                             |
| [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab)                                                       | `.set`, `.fdt`           | The format used by the MATLAB toolbox [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab). Each recording consisting of a `.set` file with an optional `.fdt` file.                                             |

> | [Biosemi](https://www.biosemi.com/)                                                          | `bdf`                    | Each recording consists of a single `.bdf` file. [`bdf+`](https://www.teuniz.net/edfbrowser/bdfplus%20format%20description.html) files are permitted. The capital .BDF extension MUST NOT be used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Biosemi](https://www.biosemi.com/)                                                          | `.bdf`                   | Each recording consists of a single `.bdf` file. [`bdf+`](https://www.teuniz.net/edfbrowser/bdfplus%20format%20description.html) files are permitted. The capital .BDF extension MUST NOT be used. |
```

> | **Format**                                                                                   | **Extension(s)**         | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                    |
> | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | [European data format](https://www.edfplus.info/)                                            | `.edf`                   | Each recording consists of a single file. [`edf+`](https://www.edfplus.info/specs/edfplus.html) files are permitted. The capital .EDF extension MUST NOT be used.                                  |
> | [BrainVision Core Data Format](https://www.brainproducts.com/productdetails.php?id=21&tab=5) | `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` | Each recording consisting of a  `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` file triplet.                                                                                                                             |
> | [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab)                                                       | `.set`, `.fdt`           | The format used by the MATLAB toolbox [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab). Each recording consisting of a `.set` file with an optional `.fdt` file.                                             |
> | [Biosemi](https://www.biosemi.com/)                                                          | `.bdf`                   | Each recording consists of a single `.bdf` file. [`bdf+`](https://www.teuniz.net/edfbrowser/bdfplus%20format%20description.html) files are permitted. The capital .BDF extension MUST NOT be used. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Format**                                                                                   | **Extension(s)**         | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [European data format](https://www.edfplus.info/)                                            | `.edf`                   | Each recording consists of a single `.edf` file. [`edf+`](https://www.edfplus.info/specs/edfplus.html) files are permitted. The capital `.EDF` extension MUST NOT be used.                           |
| [BrainVision Core Data Format](https://www.brainproducts.com/productdetails.php?id=21&tab=5) | `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` | Each recording consisting of a  `.vhdr`, `.vmrk`, `.eeg` file triplet.                                                                                                                               |
| [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab)                                                       | `.set`, `.fdt`           | The format used by the MATLAB toolbox [EEGLAB](https://sccn.ucsd.edu/eeglab). Each recording consisting of a `.set` file with an optional `.fdt` file.                                               |
| [Biosemi](https://www.biosemi.com/)                                                          | `.bdf`                   | Each recording consists of a single `.bdf` file. [`bdf+`](https://www.teuniz.net/edfbrowser/bdfplus%20format%20description.html) files are permitted. The capital `.BDF` extension MUST NOT be used. |
```

> | [Biosemi](https://www.biosemi.com/)                                                          | `.bdf`                   | Each recording consists of a single `.bdf` file. [`bdf+`](https://www.teuniz.net/edfbrowser/bdfplus%20format%20description.html) files are permitted. The capital `.BDF` extension MUST NOT be used. |

Reviewer: In the last column, in some rows we say `consists`, in others `consisting`.

Same in `04-intracranial-electroencephalography.md`

I think this should be made consistent

Author: Done

-   [European data format](https://www.edfplus.info/)
    (including [`edf+`](https://www.edfplus.info/specs/edfplus.html);

>     each recording consisting of a `.edf` file). Although the
>     European data format supports
>     both upper and lower case extensions, in BIDS the file extension MUST
>     be lower case (that is `.edf` instead of `.EDF`).

Reviewer 3: I'm okay with this as-is, but I feel like it's over-explaining. We can simply say:

```suggestion
    each recording consisting of a `.edf` file).
    The capital `.EDF` extension MUST NOT be used.
```

Is it worth taking the opportunity to convert extensions to a table?

| Format | Extension(s) | Description |
|--|--|--|
| [European data format](https://www.edfplus.info/) | `.edf` | Each recording consists of a single file. [`edf+`](https://www.edfplus.info/specs/edfplus.html) files are permitted. The capital `.EDF` extension MUST NOT be used. |
| ... |

Author: Converted to table.
